{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\slmult1\qc{{\fs24 References}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Alteryx, Inc.  Released 2006.  Alteryx Designer, Version 2019.4.8.22007. Irvine, CA: Alteryx, Inc.<br> \par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Bode, G. H., Losen, M., Buurman, W. A., Veerhuis, R., Molenaar, P. C., Steinbusch, H. W. M., De Baets, M. H., Daha, M. R., & Martinez-Martinez, P. (2014). Complement Activation by Ceramide Transporter Proteins. {\i The Journal of Immunology}, {\i 192}(3), 1154\uc0\u8211 1161. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.4049/jimmunol.1301673"}{\fldrslt 10.4049/jimmunol.1301673}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Bohoris, G. A. (1994). Comparison of the cumulative-hazard and Kaplan-Meier estimators of the survivor function. {\i IEEE Transactions on Reliability}, {\i 43}(2), 230\uc0\u8211 232. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1109/24.294997"}{\fldrslt 10.1109/24.294997}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Bonferroni, C. E. (1936). Teoria statistica delle classi e calcolo delle probabilit\uc0\u224 . {\i Pubblicazioni Del R Istituto Superiore Di Scienze Economiche E Commerciali Di Firenze}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Bradburn, M. J., Clark, T. G., Love, S. B., & Altman, D. G. (2003). Survival Analysis Part II: Multivariate data analysis \uc0\u8211  an introduction to concepts and methods. {\i British Journal of Cancer}, {\i 89}(3), 431\uc0\u8211 436. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/sj.bjc.6601119"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/sj.bjc.6601119}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Breheny, P. (2019). Tied survival times Estimating survival probabilities. In {\i https://myweb.uiowa.edu/pbreheny/7210/f15/notes/11-5.pdf}. University of Iowa. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://myweb.uiowa.edu/pbreheny/7210/f15/notes/11-5.pdf"}{\fldrslt https://myweb.uiowa.edu/pbreheny/7210/f15/notes/11-5.pdf}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Breslow, N. (1972). Discussion of the paper by D. R. Cox. {\i J R Statist Soc B}, {\i B}(34), 216\uc0\u8211 217. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://dlin.web.unc.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/1568/2013/04/Lin07.pdf"}{\fldrslt https://dlin.web.unc.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/1568/2013/04/Lin07.pdf}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Buckley, A. R., Standish, K. A., Bhutani, K., Ideker, T., Lasken, R. S., Carter, H., Harismendy, O., & Schork, N. J. (2017). Pan-cancer analysis reveals technical artifacts in TCGA germline variant calls. {\i BMC Genomics}, {\i 18}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1186/s12864-017-3770-y"}{\fldrslt 10.1186/s12864-017-3770-y}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Cheon, D.-J., Tong, Y., Sim, M.-S., Dering, J., Berel, D., Cui, X., Lester, J., Beach, J. A., Tighiouart, M., Walts, A. E., Karlan, B. Y., & Orsulic, S. (2013). A Collagen-Remodeling Gene Signature Regulated by TGF-\uc0\u946  Signaling Is Associated with Metastasis and Poor Survival in Serous Ovarian Cancer. {\i Clinical Cancer Research}, {\i 20}(3), 711\uc0\u8211 723. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1158/1078-0432.ccr-13-1256"}{\fldrslt 10.1158/1078-0432.ccr-13-1256}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Chilamkurthy, K. (2020, May 26). {\i The Cox Proportional-Hazards Model}. Medium. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://towardsdatascience.com/the-cox-proportional-hazards-model-da61616e2e50"}{\fldrslt https://towardsdatascience.com/the-cox-proportional-hazards-model-da61616e2e50}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Cho, A., Howell, V. M., & Colvin, E. K. (2015). The Extracellular Matrix in Epithelial Ovarian Cancer \uc0\u8211  A Piece of a Puzzle. {\i Frontiers in Oncology}, {\i 5}(245). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.3389/fonc.2015.00245"}{\fldrslt 10.3389/fonc.2015.00245}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Collett, D. (2015). {\i Modelling survival data in medical research} (3rd ed., p. ). Crc Press Taylor & Francis Group.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Cox, D. R. (1972). Regression Models and Life-Tables. {\i Journal of the Royal Statistical Society: Series B (Methodological)}, {\i 34}(2), 187\uc0\u8211 202. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1111/j.2517-6161.1972.tb00899.x"}{\fldrslt 10.1111/j.2517-6161.1972.tb00899.x}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Dahiru, T. (2011). P-Value, a true test of statistical significance? a cautionary note. {\i Annals of Ibadan Postgraduate Medicine}, {\i 6}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.4314/aipm.v6i1.64038"}{\fldrslt 10.4314/aipm.v6i1.64038}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Davis, N. (2015, December 10). The evolution of high-throughput genome sequencing. {\i Search Magazine}. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.jax.org/news-and-insights/2015/december/the-evolution-of-high-throughput-genome-sequencing#"}{\fldrslt https://www.jax.org/news-and-insights/2015/december/the-evolution-of-high-throughput-genome-sequencing#}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 De Weck, A., Golji, J., Jones, M. D., Korn, J. M., Billy, E., McDonald, E. R., Schmelzle, T., Bitter, H., & Kauffmann, A. (2018). Correction of copy number induced false positives in CRISPR screens. {\i PLOS Computational Biology}, {\i 14}(7), e1006279. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1371/journal.pcbi.1006279"}{\fldrslt 10.1371/journal.pcbi.1006279}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Dillies, M.-A. ., Rau, A., Aubert, J., Hennequet-Antier, C., Jeanmougin, M., Servant, N., Keime, C., Marot, G., Castel, D., Estelle, J., Guernec, G., Jagla, B., Jouneau, L., Laloe, D., Le Gall, C., Schaeffer, B., Le Crom, S., Guedj, M., & Jaffrezic, F. (2012). A comprehensive evaluation of normalization methods for Illumina high-throughput RNA sequencing data analysis. {\i Briefings in Bioinformatics}, {\i 14}(6), 671\uc0\u8211 683. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1093/bib/bbs046"}{\fldrslt 10.1093/bib/bbs046}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Dipiro, J. T., Talbert, R., Yee, G., Matzke, G., Wells, B., & Posey, L. M. (2017). {\i Pharmacotherapy-- a pathophysiologic approach} (10th ed., p. 917). Mcgraw-Hill Education.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Eaton, K., & Lyman, G. (2019). Dosing of anticancer agents in adults. {\i UpToDate}. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.uptodate.com/contents/dosing-of-anticancer-agents-in-adults"}{\fldrslt https://www.uptodate.com/contents/dosing-of-anticancer-agents-in-adults}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Efron, B. (2005). Bayesians, Frequentists, and Scientists. {\i Journal of the American Statistical Association}, {\i 100}(469), 1\uc0\u8211 5. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1198/016214505000000033"}{\fldrslt 10.1198/016214505000000033}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Fischer, R. (1925). {\i Statisical Methods for Research Workers}. Oliver and Boyd. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Fisher/Methods/"}{\fldrslt http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Fisher/Methods/}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Gamazon, E. R., & Stranger, B. E. (2015). The impact of human copy number variation on gene expression: Figure 1. {\i Briefings in Functional Genomics}, {\i 14}(5), 352\uc0\u8211 357. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1093/bfgp/elv017"}{\fldrslt 10.1093/bfgp/elv017}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Ganapathi, M. K., Jones, W. D., Sehouli, J., Michener, C. M., Braicu, I. E., Norris, E. J., Biscotti, C. V., Vaziri, S. A. J., & Ganapathi, R. N. (2015). Expression profile of COL2A1 and the pseudogene SLC6A10P predicts tumor recurrence in high-grade serous ovarian cancer. {\i International Journal of Cancer}, {\i 138}(3), 679\uc0\u8211 688. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1002/ijc.29815"}{\fldrslt 10.1002/ijc.29815}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Gao, G. F., Parker, J. S., Reynolds, S. M., Silva, T. C., Wang, L.-B., Zhou, W., Akbani, R., Bailey, M., Balu, S., Berman, B. P., Brooks, D., Chen, H., Cherniack, A. D., Demchok, J. A., Ding, L., Felau, I., Gaheen, S., Gerhard, D. S., Heiman, D. I., & Hernandez, K. M. (2019). Before and After: Comparison of Legacy and Harmonized TCGA Genomic Data Commons\uc0\u8217  Data. {\i Cell Systems}, {\i 9}(1), 24-34.e10. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1016/j.cels.2019.06.006"}{\fldrslt 10.1016/j.cels.2019.06.006}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Garber, J. E., & Offit, K. (2005). Hereditary Cancer Predisposition Syndromes. {\i Journal of Clinical Oncology}, {\i 23}(2), 276\uc0\u8211 292. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1200/jco.2005.10.042"}{\fldrslt 10.1200/jco.2005.10.042}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Genetics Home Reference. (2019). {\i What is a gene?} Genetics Home Reference. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://ghr.nlm.nih.gov/primer/basics/gene"}{\fldrslt https://ghr.nlm.nih.gov/primer/basics/gene}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Gosset, W. S. (1908). The Probable Error of a Mean. {\i Biometrika}, {\i 6}(1),. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.2307/2331554"}{\fldrslt 10.2307/2331554}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Grace-Martin, K. (2018, August 6). {\i Six Types of Survival Analysis and Challenges in Learning Them}. The Analysis Factor. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.theanalysisfactor.com/the-six-types-of-survival-analysis-and-challenges-in-learning-them/"}{\fldrslt https://www.theanalysisfactor.com/the-six-types-of-survival-analysis-and-challenges-in-learning-them/}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Graf, R. P., Eskander, R., Brueggeman, L., & Stupack, D. G. (2021). Association of Copy Number Variation Signature and Survival in Patients With Serous Ovarian Cancer. {\i JAMA Network Open}, {\i 4}(6), e2114162. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2021.14162"}{\fldrslt 10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2021.14162}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Holohan, C., Van Schaeybroeck, S., Longley, D. B., & Johnston, P. G. (2013). Cancer drug resistance: an evolving paradigm. {\i Nature Reviews Cancer}, {\i 13}(10), 714\uc0\u8211 726. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/nrc3599"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/nrc3599}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Huang, X., Ruan, G., & Sun, P. (2021). Estrogen\uc0\u8208 related receptor alpha copy number variation is associated with ovarian cancer histological grade. {\i Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Research}, {\i 47}(5), 1878\uc0\u8211 1883. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1111/jog.14741"}{\fldrslt 10.1111/jog.14741}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 IBM Corp. Released 2017. IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 25.0. Armonk, NY: IBM Corp. \par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i Broad GDAC Firehose}. (2016). Broadinstitute.org. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"http://gdac.broadinstitute.org/"}{\fldrslt http://gdac.broadinstitute.org/}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i Cancer.org}. (2014). Cancer.org; American Cancer Society. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.cancer.org/cancer/ovarian-cancer/detection-diagnosis-staging/survival-rates.html"}{\fldrslt https://www.cancer.org/cancer/ovarian-cancer/detection-diagnosis-staging/survival-rates.html}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i GeneCards - COL12A1}. (2021). Genecards.org. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.genecards.org/cgi-bin/carddisp.pl?gene=COL12A1"}{\fldrslt https://www.genecards.org/cgi-bin/carddisp.pl?gene=COL12A1}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i GeneCards - COL4A3BP}. (2021). Genecards.org. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.genecards.org/cgi-bin/carddisp.pl?gene=CERT1"}{\fldrslt https://www.genecards.org/cgi-bin/carddisp.pl?gene=CERT1}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i GeneCards - COL5A3}. (2021). Genecards.org. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.genecards.org/cgi-bin/carddisp.pl?gene=COL5A3"}{\fldrslt https://www.genecards.org/cgi-bin/carddisp.pl?gene=COL5A3}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i Gene Group}. (n.d.). Www.genenames.org. Retrieved May 17, 2021, from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.genenames.org/data/genegroup/#"}{\fldrslt https://www.genenames.org/data/genegroup/#}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i GRCh37 - hg19 - Genome}. (2009). Nih.gov. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/assembly/GCF_000001405.13/"}{\fldrslt https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/assembly/GCF_000001405.13/}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i Human Genome Project FAQ}. (2013). Genome.gov. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.genome.gov/human-genome-project/Completion-FAQ"}{\fldrslt https://www.genome.gov/human-genome-project/Completion-FAQ}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i MalaCards}. (2021). Malacards.org. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.malacards.org/card/ehlers_danlos_syndrome"}{\fldrslt https://www.malacards.org/card/ehlers_danlos_syndrome}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i NCBI - COL12A1}. (2020, October 25). Www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov; NCBI. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gene/1303"}{\fldrslt https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gene/1303}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 In, J., & Lee, D. K. (2019). Survival analysis: part II \uc0\u8211  applied clinical data analysis. {\i Korean Journal of Anesthesiology}, {\i 72}(5), 441\uc0\u8211 457. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.4097/kja.19183"}{\fldrslt 10.4097/kja.19183}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i TCGA - Ovarian Serous Adenocarcinoma Study}. (2018, September 5). Www.cancer.gov. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.cancer.gov/about-nci/organization/ccg/research/structural-genomics/tcga/studied-cancers/ovarian"}{\fldrslt https://www.cancer.gov/about-nci/organization/ccg/research/structural-genomics/tcga/studied-cancers/ovarian}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i The Cancer Genome Atlas Program}. (2019). National Cancer Institute; Cancer.gov. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.cancer.gov/about-nci/organization/ccg/research/structural-genomics/tcga"}{\fldrslt https://www.cancer.gov/about-nci/organization/ccg/research/structural-genomics/tcga}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 {\i The Cancer Genome Atlas - Publications}. (2019, July 24). National Cancer Institute; Cancer.gov. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.cancer.gov/about-nci/organization/ccg/research/structural-genomics/tcga/publications"}{\fldrslt https://www.cancer.gov/about-nci/organization/ccg/research/structural-genomics/tcga/publications}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Januchowski, R., \uc0\u346 wierczewska, M., Sterzy\uc0\u324 ska, K., Wojtowicz, K., Nowicki, M., & Zabel, M. (2016). Increased Expression of Several Collagen Genes is Associated with Drug Resistance in Ovarian Cancer Cell Lines. {\i Journal of Cancer}, {\i 7}(10), 1295\uc0\u8211 1310. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.7150/jca.15371"}{\fldrslt 10.7150/jca.15371}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Jiang, Y., Wang, R., Urrutia, E., Anastopoulos, I. N., Nathanson, K. L., & Zhang, N. R. (2018). CODEX2: full-spectrum copy number variation detection by high-throughput DNA sequencing. {\i Genome Biology}, {\i 19}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1186/s13059-018-1578-y"}{\fldrslt 10.1186/s13059-018-1578-y}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Kalbfleisch, J. D., & Prentice, R. L. (2002). {\i The Statistical Analysis of Failure Time Data Kalbfleisch/The Statistical}. Hoboken, Nj, Usa John Wiley & Sons, Inc. (Original work published 1980)\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Kanchi, K. L., Johnson, K. J., Lu, C., McLellan, M. D., Leiserson, M. D. M., Wendl, M. C., Zhang, Q., Koboldt, D. C., Xie, M., Kandoth, C., McMichael, J. F., Wyczalkowski, M. A., Larson, D. E., Schmidt, H. K., Miller, C. A., Fulton, R. S., Spellman, P. T., Mardis, E. R., Druley, T. E., & Graubert, T. A. (2014). Integrated analysis of germline and somatic variants in ovarian cancer. {\i Nature Communications}, {\i 5}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/ncomms4156"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/ncomms4156}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Kaplan, E. L., & Meier, P. (1958). Nonparametric Estimation from Incomplete Observations. {\i Journal of the American Statistical Association}, {\i 53}(282), 457\uc0\u8211 481. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1080/01621459.1958.10501452"}{\fldrslt 10.1080/01621459.1958.10501452}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Kelter, R. (2020). Analysis of type I and II error rates of Bayesian and frequentist parametric and nonparametric two-sample hypothesis tests under preliminary assessment of normality. {\i Computational Statistics}, {\i 36}, 1263\uc0\u8211 1288. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1007/s00180-020-01034-7"}{\fldrslt 10.1007/s00180-020-01034-7}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Kennedy, M. C. (2019). Survival Analysis | Statistics for Applied Epidemiology | Tutorial 11 [YouTube Video]. In {\i YouTube}. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJPti8Yh4k4"}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJPti8Yh4k4}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Kerkhof, J., Schenkel, L. C., Reilly, J., McRobbie, S., Aref-Eshghi, E., Stuart, A., Rupar, C. A., Adams, P., Hegele, R. A., Lin, H., Rodenhiser, D., Knoll, J., Ainsworth, P. J., & Sadikovic, B. (2017). Clinical Validation of Copy Number Variant Detection from Targeted Next-Generation Sequencing Panels. {\i The Journal of Molecular Diagnostics}, {\i 19}(6), 905\uc0\u8211 920. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1016/j.jmoldx.2017.07.004"}{\fldrslt 10.1016/j.jmoldx.2017.07.004}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Kleinbaum, D. G., & Klein, M. (2012). {\i Survival analysis : a self-learning text} (p. 54). Springer.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Krasnov, G. S., Kudryavtseva, A. V., Snezhkina, A. V., Lakunina, V. A., Beniaminov, A. D., Melnikova, N. V., & Dmitriev, A. A. (2019). Pan-Cancer Analysis of TCGA Data Revealed Promising Reference Genes for qPCR Normalization. {\i Frontiers in Genetics}, {\i 10}. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.3389/fgene.2019.00097"}{\fldrslt 10.3389/fgene.2019.00097}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 LaMorte, W. (2016). {\i Comparing Survival Curves}. Sphweb.bumc.bu.edu; Boston University School of Public Health. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://sphweb.bumc.bu.edu/otlt/mph-modules/bs/bs704_survival/BS704_Survival5.html"}{\fldrslt https://sphweb.bumc.bu.edu/otlt/mph-modules/bs/bs704_survival/BS704_Survival5.html}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Lee, A. J. X., Roylance, R., Sander, J., Gorman, P., Endesfelder, D., Kschischo, M., Jones, N. P., East, P., Nicke, B., Spassieva, S., Obeid, L. M., Birkbak, N. J., Szallasi, Z., McKnight, N. C., Rowan, A. J., Speirs, V., Hanby, A. M., Downward, J., Tooze, S. A., & Swanton, C. (2011). CERT depletion predicts chemotherapy benefit and mediates cytotoxic and polyploid-specific cancer cell death through autophagy induction. {\i The Journal of Pathology}, {\i 226}(3), 482\uc0\u8211 494. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1002/path.2998"}{\fldrslt 10.1002/path.2998}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Li, L., Bai, H., Yang, J., Cao, D., & Shen, K. (2017). Genome-wide DNA copy number analysis in clonally expanded human ovarian cancer cells with distinct invasive/migratory capacities. {\i Oncotarget}, {\i 8}(9), 15136\uc0\u8211 15148. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.18632/oncotarget.14767"}{\fldrslt 10.18632/oncotarget.14767}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Liu, J., Lichtenberg, T., Hoadley, K. A., Poisson, L. M., Lazar, A. J., Cherniack, A. D., Kovatich, A. J., Benz, C. C., Levine, D. A., Lee, A. V., Omberg, L., Wolf, D. M., Shriver, C. D., Thorsson, V., Hu, H., Caesar-Johnson, S. J., Demchok, J. A., Felau, I., Kasapi, M., & Ferguson, M. L. (2018). An Integrated TCGA Pan-Cancer Clinical Data Resource to Drive High-Quality Survival Outcome Analytics. {\i Cell}, {\i 173}(2), 400-416.e11. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1016/j.cell.2018.02.052"}{\fldrslt 10.1016/j.cell.2018.02.052}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Li, Y. (2009). Modeling of Survival Data. In {\i Applied Survival Analysis} (pp. 1\uc0\u8211 42). University of Michigan. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"http://www-personal.umich.edu/~yili/lect4notes.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://www-personal.umich.edu/~yili/lect4notes.pdf}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Mantel, N., & Haenszel, W. (1959). Statistical Aspects of the Analysis of Data From Retrospective Studies of Disease. {\i Journal of the National Cancer Institute}, {\i 22}(4), 719\uc0\u8211 745. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1093/jnci/22.4.719"}{\fldrslt 10.1093/jnci/22.4.719}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Martinez, R. L. M. C. (2007). Diagnostics for Choosing between Log-Rank and Wilcoxon Tests. {\i Dissertations}. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://scholarworks.wmich.edu/dissertations/895"}{\fldrslt https://scholarworks.wmich.edu/dissertations/895}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Molteni, M. (2019, May 1). The US Urgently Needs New Genetic Privacy Laws. {\i Wired}. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.wired.com/story/the-us-urgently-needs-new-genetic-privacy-laws/"}{\fldrslt https://www.wired.com/story/the-us-urgently-needs-new-genetic-privacy-laws/}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Muntner, P., Shimbo, D., Tonelli, M., Reynolds, K., Arnett, D. K., & Oparil, S. (2011). The Relationship Between Visit-to-Visit Variability in Systolic Blood Pressure and All-Cause Mortality in the General Population. {\i Hypertension}, {\i 57}(2), 160\uc0\u8211 166. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1161/hypertensionaha.110.162255"}{\fldrslt 10.1161/hypertensionaha.110.162255}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Omurlu, I. K., Ozdamar, K., & Ture, M. (2009). Comparison of Bayesian survival analysis and Cox regression analysis in simulated and breast cancer data sets. {\i Expert Systems with Applications}, {\i 36}(8), 11341\uc0\u8211 11346. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1016/j.eswa.2009.03.058"}{\fldrslt 10.1016/j.eswa.2009.03.058}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Ostrander, E. (n.d.). {\i Pseudogene}. Genome.gov. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.genome.gov/genetics-glossary/Pseudogene"}{\fldrslt https://www.genome.gov/genetics-glossary/Pseudogene}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Pearson, K. (1900). On the criterion that a given system of deviations from the probable in the case of a correlated system of variables is such that it can be reasonably supposed to have arisen from random sampling. {\i Philosophical Magazine Series}, {\i 5}(50), 157\uc0\u8211 175. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"http://www.economics.soton.ac.uk/staff/aldrich/1900.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://www.economics.soton.ac.uk/staff/aldrich/1900.pdf}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Perry, G. H. (2008). The evolutionary significance of copy number variation in the human genome. {\i Cytogenetic and Genome Research}, {\i 123}(1-4), 283\uc0\u8211 287. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1159/000184719"}{\fldrslt 10.1159/000184719}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Peto, R., & Peto, J. (1972). Asymptotically Efficient Rank Invariant Test Procedures. {\i Journal of the Royal Statistical Society. Series a (General)}, {\i 135}(2), 185. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.2307/2344317"}{\fldrslt 10.2307/2344317}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Poon, I. K. H., Lucas, C. D., Rossi, A. G., & Ravichandran, K. S. (2014). Apoptotic cell clearance: basic biology and therapeutic potential. {\i Nature Reviews Immunology}, {\i 14}(3), 166\uc0\u8211 180. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/nri3607"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/nri3607}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Prinja, S., Gupta, N., & Verma, R. (2010). Censoring in Clinical Trials: Review of Survival Analysis Techniques. {\i Indian Journal of Community Medicine : Official Publication of Indian Association of Preventive & Social Medicine}, {\i 35}(2), 217\uc0\u8211 221. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.4103/0970-0218.66859"}{\fldrslt 10.4103/0970-0218.66859}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Reid, B. M., Permuth, J. B., Chen, Y. A., Fridley, B. L., Iversen, E. S., Chen, Z., Jim, H., Vierkant, R. A., Cunningham, J. M., Barnholtz-Sloan, J. S., Narod, S., Risch, H., Schildkraut, J. M., Goode, E. L., Monteiro, A. N., & Sellers, T. A. (2019). Genome-wide Analysis of Common Copy Number Variation and Epithelial Ovarian Cancer Risk. {\i Cancer Epidemiology Biomarkers & Prevention}, {\i 28}(7), 1117\uc0\u8211 1126. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1158/1055-9965.epi-18-0833"}{\fldrslt 10.1158/1055-9965.epi-18-0833}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Ricciardelli, C., & Rodgers, R. (2006). Extracellular Matrix of Ovarian Tumors. {\i Seminars in Reproductive Medicine}, {\i 24}(4), 270\uc0\u8211 282. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1055/s-2006-948556"}{\fldrslt 10.1055/s-2006-948556}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Rich, J. T., Neely, J. G., Paniello, R. C., Voelker, C. C. J., Nussenbaum, B., & Wang, E. W. (2010). A practical guide to understanding Kaplan-Meier curves. {\i Otolaryngology\uc0\u8211 Head and Neck Surgery}, {\i 143}(3), 331\uc0\u8211 336. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1016/j.otohns.2010.05.007"}{\fldrslt 10.1016/j.otohns.2010.05.007}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Rocher, L., Hendrickx, J. M., & de Montjoye, Y.-A. (2019). Estimating the success of re-identifications in incomplete datasets using generative models. {\i Nature Communications}, {\i 10}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/s41467-019-10933-3"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/s41467-019-10933-3}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 RStudio Team (2021). RStudio: Integrated Development for R. RStudio, PBC, Boston, MA URL http://www.rstudio.com/. \par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Scheffer, L., Rao Raghavendra, P., Ma, J., & K. Acharya, J. (2011). Ceramide Transfer Protein and Cancer. {\i Anti-Cancer Agents in Medicinal Chemistry}, {\i 11}(9), 904\uc0\u8211 910. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.2174/187152011797655087"}{\fldrslt 10.2174/187152011797655087}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Schober, P., & Vetter, T. R. (2018). Survival Analysis and Interpretation of Time-to-Event Data. {\i Anesthesia & Analgesia}, {\i 127}(3), 792\uc0\u8211 798. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1213/ane.0000000000003653"}{\fldrslt 10.1213/ane.0000000000003653}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Shaikh, T. H. (2017). Copy Number Variation Disorders. {\i Current Genetic Medicine Reports}, {\i 5}(4), 183\uc0\u8211 190. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1007/s40142-017-0129-2"}{\fldrslt 10.1007/s40142-017-0129-2}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Shao, X., Lv, N., Liao, J., Long, J., Xue, R., Ai, N., Xu, D., & Fan, X. (2019). Copy number variation is highly correlated with differential gene expression: a pan-cancer study. {\i BMC Medical Genetics}, {\i 20}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1186/s12881-019-0909-5"}{\fldrslt 10.1186/s12881-019-0909-5}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Sharp, A. J., Locke, D. P., McGrath, S. D., Cheng, Z., Bailey, J. A., Vallente, R. U., Pertz, L. M., Clark, R. A., Schwartz, S., Segraves, R., Oseroff, V. V., Albertson, D. G., Pinkel, D., & Eichler, E. E. (2005). Segmental Duplications and Copy-Number Variation in the Human Genome. {\i The American Journal of Human Genetics}, {\i 77}(1), 78\uc0\u8211 88. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1086/431652"}{\fldrslt 10.1086/431652}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Sims, D., Sudbery, I., Ilott, N. E., Heger, A., & Ponting, C. P. (2014). Sequencing depth and coverage: key considerations in genomic analyses. {\i Nature Reviews Genetics}, {\i 15}(2), 121\uc0\u8211 132. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/nrg3642"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/nrg3642}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Singer, J. D., & Willett, J. B. (2003). {\i Applied longitudinal data analysis : modeling change and event occurrence} (p. 525). Oxford University Press.\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Solomon, D. A., Kim, J.-S., Ressom, H. W., Sibenaller, Z., Ryken, T., Jean, W., Bigner, D., Yan, H., & Waldman, T. (2009). Sample Type Bias in the Analysis of Cancer Genomes. {\i Cancer Research}, {\i 69}(14), 5630\uc0\u8211 5633. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1158/0008-5472.can-09-1055"}{\fldrslt 10.1158/0008-5472.can-09-1055}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Spainhour, J. C. G., Lim, J., & Qiu, P. (2017). GDISC: a web portal for integrative analysis of gene\uc0\u8211 drug interaction for survival in cancer. {\i Bioinformatics}, {\i 33}(9), btw830. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1093/bioinformatics/btw830"}{\fldrslt 10.1093/bioinformatics/btw830}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Spainhour, J. C. G., & Qiu, P. (2016). Identification of gene-drug interactions that impact patient survival in TCGA. {\i BMC Bioinformatics}, {\i 17}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1186/s12859-016-1255-7"}{\fldrslt 10.1186/s12859-016-1255-7}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Sutradhar, R., & Austin, P. C. (2018). Relative rates not relative risks: addressing a widespread misinterpretation of hazard ratios. {\i Annals of Epidemiology}, {\i 28}(1), 54\uc0\u8211 57. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1016/j.annepidem.2017.10.014"}{\fldrslt 10.1016/j.annepidem.2017.10.014}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Tai, D. J. C., Ragavendran, A., Manavalan, P., Stortchevoi, A., Seabra, C. M., Erdin, S., Collins, R. L., Blumenthal, I., Chen, X., Shen, Y., Sahin, M., Zhang, C., Lee, C., Gusella, J. F., & Talkowski, M. E. (2016). Engineering microdeletions and microduplications by targeting segmental duplications with CRISPR. {\i Nature Neuroscience}, {\i 19}(3), 517\uc0\u8211 522. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/nn.4235"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/nn.4235}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Teng, P-N., Wang, G., Hood, B. L., Conrads, K. A., Hamilton, C. A., Maxwell, G. L., Darcy, K. M., & Conrads, T. P. (2013). Identification of candidate circulating cisplatin-resistant biomarkers from epithelial ovarian carcinoma cell secretomes. {\i British Journal of Cancer}, {\i 110}(1), 123\uc0\u8211 132. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/bjc.2013.687"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/bjc.2013.687}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Thapar, A., & Cooper, M. (2013). Copy Number Variation: What Is It and What Has It Told Us About Child Psychiatric Disorders? {\i Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry}, {\i 52}(8), 772\uc0\u8211 774. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1016/j.jaac.2013.05.013"}{\fldrslt 10.1016/j.jaac.2013.05.013}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 The future of cancer genomics. (2015). {\i Nature Medicine}, {\i 21}(2), 99\uc0\u8211 99. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/nm.3801"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/nm.3801}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Tibshirani, R. (1982). A Plain Man\uc0\u8217 s Guide to the Proportional Hazards Model. {\i Clinical & Investigative Medicine}, {\i 5}(1), 63\uc0\u8211 68. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"http://statweb.stanford.edu/~tibs/ftp/plain.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://statweb.stanford.edu/~tibs/ftp/plain.pdf}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Ulrich, T. (2016, September 13). Opinionome: Can DNA sequencing get any faster and cheaper? {\i BROADMINDED BLOG}. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.broadinstitute.org/blog/opinionome-can-dna-sequencing-get-any-faster-and-cheaper"}{\fldrslt https://www.broadinstitute.org/blog/opinionome-can-dna-sequencing-get-any-faster-and-cheaper}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Van Dijk, E., van den Bosch, T., Lenos, K. J., El Makrini, K., Nijman, L. E., van Essen, H. F. B., Lansu, N., Boekhout, M., Hageman, J. H., Fitzgerald, R. C., Punt, C. J. A., Tuynman, J. B., Snippert, H. J. G., Kops, G. J. P. L., Medema, J. P., Ylstra, B., Vermeulen, L., & Miedema, D. M. (2021). Chromosomal copy number heterogeneity predicts survival rates across cancers. {\i Nature Communications}, {\i 12}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/s41467-021-23384-6"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/s41467-021-23384-6}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Visintainer, P. (2016, May 19). {\i Which-statistical-test-is-best-for-comparing-two-survival-curves}. ResearchGate.net. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.researchgate.net/post/Which-statistical-test-is-best-for-comparing-two-survival-curves"}{\fldrslt https://www.researchgate.net/post/Which-statistical-test-is-best-for-comparing-two-survival-curves}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Wang, Q., Armenia, J., Zhang, C., Penson, A. V., Reznik, E., Zhang, L., Minet, T., Ochoa, A., Gross, B. E., Iacobuzio-Donahue, C. A., Betel, D., Taylor, B. S., Gao, J., & Schultz, N. (2018). Unifying cancer and normal RNA sequencing data from different sources. {\i Scientific Data}, {\i 5}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/sdata.2018.61"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/sdata.2018.61}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Webster, T. H., Couse, M., Grande, B. M., Karlins, E., Phung, T. N., Richmond, P. A., Whitford, W., & Wilson, M. A. (2019). Identifying, understanding, and correcting technical artifacts on the sex chromosomes in next-generation sequencing data. {\i GigaScience}, {\i 8}(7). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1093/gigascience/giz074"}{\fldrslt 10.1093/gigascience/giz074}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Woodruff, T. K., & Shea, L. D. (2007). The Role of the Extracellular Matrix in Ovarian Follicle Development. {\i Reproductive Sciences}, {\i 14}(8_suppl), 6\uc0\u8211 10. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1177/1933719107309818"}{\fldrslt 10.1177/1933719107309818}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Wu, Y-H., Chang, T-H., Huang, Y-F., Huang, H-D., & Chou, C-Y. (2013). COL11A1 promotes tumor progression and predicts poor clinical outcome in ovarian cancer. {\i Oncogene}, {\i 33}(26), 3432\uc0\u8211 3440. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/onc.2013.307"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/onc.2013.307}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Xu, L. (2019, April 18). {\i Lecture 5THE PROPORTIONAL HAZARDSREGRESSION MODEL}. Math UCSD. {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"https://www.math.ucsd.edu/~rxu/math284/slect5.pdf"}{\fldrslt https://www.math.ucsd.edu/~rxu/math284/slect5.pdf}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Xu, S., Xu, H., Wang, W., Li, S., Li, H., Li, T., Zhang, W., Yu, X., & Liu, L. (2019). The role of collagen in cancer: from bench to bedside. {\i Journal of Translational Medicine}, {\i 17}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1186/s12967-019-2058-1"}{\fldrslt 10.1186/s12967-019-2058-1}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Yi, N., Xu, S., Lou, X.-Y., & Mallick, H. (2014). Multiple comparisons in genetic association studies: a hierarchical modeling approach. {\i Statistical Applications in Genetics and Molecular Biology}, {\i 13}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1515/sagmb-2012-0040"}{\fldrslt 10.1515/sagmb-2012-0040}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Zaimy, M. A., Saffarzadeh, N., Mohammadi, A., Pourghadamyari, H., Izadi, P., Sarli, A., Moghaddam, L. K., Paschepari, S. R., Azizi, H., Torkamandi, S., & Tavakkoly-Bazzaz, J. (2017). New methods in the diagnosis of cancer and gene therapy of cancer based on nanoparticles. {\i Cancer Gene Therapy}, {\i 24}(6), 233\uc0\u8211 243. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1038/cgt.2017.16"}{\fldrslt 10.1038/cgt.2017.16}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Zarrei, M., MacDonald, J. R., Merico, D., & Scherer, S. (2015). A copy number variation map of the human genome. {\i Nature Reviews Genetics}, {\i 16}, 172\uc0\u8211 183. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"A copy number variation map of the human genome"}{\fldrslt A copy number variation map of the human genome}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Zhang, Z., Reinikainen, J., Adeleke, K. A., Pieterse, M. E., & Groothuis-Oudshoorn, C. G. M. (2018). Time-varying covariates and coefficients in Cox regression models. {\i Annals of Translational Medicine}, {\i 6}(7), 121\uc0\u8211 121. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.21037/atm.2018.02.12"}{\fldrslt 10.21037/atm.2018.02.12}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Zhao, F., Wang, Y., Zheng, J., Wen, Y., Qu, M., Kang, S., Wu, S., Deng, X., Hong, K., Li, S., Qin, X., Wu, Z., Wang, X., Ai, C., Li, A., Zeng, L., Hu, J., Zeng, D., Shang, L., & Wang, Q. (2020). A genome-wide survey of copy number variations reveals an asymmetric evolution of duplicated genes in rice. {\i BMC Biology}, {\i 18}(1). https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.1186/s12915-020-00798-0"}{\fldrslt 10.1186/s12915-020-00798-0}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Zwiener, I., Blettner, M., & Hommel, G. (2011). Survival Analysis. {\i Deutsches Aerzteblatt Online}, {\i 108}(10), 163\uc0\u8211 169. https://doi.org/{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK \"10.3238/arztebl.2011.0163"}{\fldrslt 10.3238/arztebl.2011.0163}}\par}}
}
